Fixing improper sentence in HPA documentation (#29018)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale.md

## Autoscaling during rolling update

> Currently in Kubernetes, a rolling update is performed using a deployment object, which manages the underlying replica sets for you.
> A Horizontal Pod Autoscaler is bound to a single deployment object - it sets the size for the deployment object, and the deployment is responsible for setting sizes of underlying replica sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently in Kubernetes, a rolling update is performed using a Deployment object, which manages the underlying 
ReplicaSet for you.
A HorizontalPodAutoscaler is bound to a single Deployment object - it sets the size for the Deployment object,
and the Deployment is responsible for setting size of underlying ReplicaSet.
```

Author: Hmm the rest of this page uses the expanded names (`replica set`, `Horizontal Pod Autoscaler`) while other docs use the resource name (`ReplicaSet`, `HorizontalPodAutoscaler`, etc)

Do you know if there's official guidance on which one we should be using?

Reviewer: https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects

Reviewer 2: I'd write:
```suggestion
Kubernetes lets you perform a rolling update on a Deployment. In that
case, the Deployment manages the underlying ReplicaSets for you.
When you configure autoscaling for a Deployment, you bind a
HorizontalPodAutoscaler to a single Deployment. The HorizontalPodAutoscaler
manages the `replicas` field of the Deployment. The deployment controller is responsible
for setting the `replicas` of the underlying ReplicaSets so that they add up to a suitable
number during the rollout and also afterwards.

If you perform a rolling update of a StatefulSet that has an autoscaled number of
replicas, the StatefulSet directly manages a Pods (there is no intermediate resource
similar to ReplicaSet).
```

> Horizontal Pod Autoscaler does not work with rolling update using direct manipulation of replication controllers,

Reviewer 2: I'd omit this paragraph (details for ReplicationController), because ReplicationController is a deprecated API.
